TELEVISION CREW ALLOWED ON THIS
SITE.
WE'VE AGREED NOT TO REVEAL THE
EXACT LOCATION.
>> Reporter: MILES DOWN AN
UNPAVED PATH IN WYOMING TO A TOP
SECRET AND REMOTE LOCATION PETE
LARSON ESCORTS US TO, THE FIRST
OF A KIND FIND.
>> THERE IS A BONE OVER HERE.
>> Reporter: BONES SKULLS, JAWS,
JUTTING OUT OF MILLIONS YEARS
OLD EARTH.
I'M WORRIED I'LL STEP ON
SOMETHING.
>> IF YOU STEP -- THE WHITE IS
OKAY.
THAT'S OBVIOUSLY A RIB BONE.
>> Reporter: THIS IS A RIB BONE?
>> YEAH.
>> Reporter: IS THAT A TOOTH?
>> IT'S A HORN.
>> Reporter: THAT'S A HORN.
>> IT'S THE TRISARSTOPS.
LARSON BELIEVES THESE ENORMOUS
BONES WERE CRACKED AND CRUSHED
BY THE MEAT LOVING T-REX THAT
FED AND DISCARDED THEM AT THESE
FEED SITES.
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MODERN
SCIENCE, THREE OF THEM AT THE
SAME SITE AT THE PAIN STAKING
WEEK-LONG EXCAVATION THEY
BELIEVE ONE OF THESE WILL RIVAL
THE MOST COMPLETE SKELETON OF A
TRISASATPOS FOUND.
HOW OLD IS THIS?
MILLIONS OF YEARS.
>> Reporter: IS IT AN ADDICTION?
>> IT'S AN ADDICTION, THAT'S
RIGHT.
ONCE YOU START DOING THIS, YOU
CAN'T STOP.
>> Reporter: THE ONLY TIME THIS
INDEPENDENT FOSSIL COLLECTOR
STOPPED DIGGING, WHEN WE WENT TO
FEDERAL PRISON.
IN 1990 HE PAID A RANCHER TO
UNEARTH THE WORLD'S LARGEST
COMPLETE FOSSIL OF A T-REX ON
THE LAND.
LARSON NAMED IT SUE.
LATER THE RANCHER, THE U.S.
GOVERNMENT AND SU INDIANS
CLAIMED POSSESSION.
THE GOVERNMENT SEIZED THE T-REX
AND HE WAS SENT TO PRISON FOR
TWO YEARS FOR ILLEGAL TRANSPORT
OF MONEY.
THEY CALL THAT AN EXAMPLE OF
GOVERNMENT OVER REACH USING
CERTAIN LAWS.
HE WAS S-- SUE WAS SOLD FOR OVE
$8 MILLION.
LARSON NEVER SAW A CENT.
HOW DO YOU COME BACK AND KEEP
DIGGING?
>> THAT WAS NOT FUN BUT PART OF
MY LIFE AND I LEARNED MANY
THINGS, THINGS I HAVE A
CURIOSITY ABOUT LIKE WHAT IS
LIFE IN PRISON LIKE.
>> Reporter: IT WON'T STOP THIS
FIERCELY INDEPENDENT SCIENTISTS.
NEW FEDERAL LAWS PUT IN PLACE
SAY THE LAND OWNER, NOT THE
GOVERNMENT OWNS FOSSILS.
LARSON HAS ALREADY STRUCK A
MODEST DEAL WITH THIS RANCHER
AND A MUSEUM OF THE NETHERLANDS
FOR THE TRIO.
FOR FAR LESS THAN HE WOULD HAVE
MADE AT A PUBLIC AUCTION.
LARSON SAYS HE'S NOT IN IT FOR
THE MONEY BUT THE HUNT.
>> THEY ARE MONSTERS, TRUE
MONSTERS THAT WERE ALIVE AND TO
BE ABLE TO HUNT FOR THOSE
MONSTERS IS PRETTY COOL.
>> THAT IS PRETTY COOL.
WHAT IS NEXT?
HOW LONG UNTIL THE BONES THERE
ARE REMOVED?
>> Reporter: WELL, IT'S GOING TO
TAKE A COUPLE MORE WEEKS, SEAN,
IF NOT LONGER TO GET ALL THE
BONES OUT.
THEY ARE NOT PARENTHESIS OF
DISCOVERING HOW MANY BONES ARE
IN THERE.
THEY HAVE A LOT OF WORK AHEAD.
IN THE LAB IT BECOMES MORE
DIFFICULT.
THEY ARE LOOKING UP TO 20,000
HOURS TRYING TO PIECE IT
TOGETHER BEFORE IT'S IN A FORM
THAT YOU CAN TAKE YOUR KID TO
SEE IN MUSEUM.
>> WOW, YOU CALLED THE MAN
PROLIFIC.
DEFINE THAT.
HOW MANY DINOSAUR SKELETONS HAS
HE FOUND?
>> Reporter: 100 DINOSADINOSAUR.
THAT'S HIS ARGUMENT.
HE'S AN